## Installation

The OSETS works with Eclipse Neon for C/C++ development.  Generating the plug-in requires the **Eclipse Plug-in Development Environment**, and the **Eclipse GEF Application Development Framework**, both of which are available using **Help | Install New Software** within Eclipse.

Once the plug-in is available, copy the plugin file `osets-eclipse-plugin_<version>.jar` into the `<ECLIPSE_HOME>/plugins` directory.  The OSETS toolbar should be visible when Eclipse is next started.

---

### Generating the plug-in from source files

The OSETS source is configured as an Eclipse Plug-In Development Project which can be used to generate the OSETS plug-in. If starting from the OSETS source project, contained within a zip file, the plug-in is generated by the following steps:
1. Start Eclipse from launcher (or terminal window) and select normal workspace;
2. If necessary delete pre-existing versions of the OSETS project:
  * Right-click project and select **Delete | Delete project contents on disk | OK**;
  * Using a host file-manager, delete the folder `<name>.zip_expanded` (<name> is the name of the original OSETS imported zip file) from the Eclipse workspace area.  *NOTE: Leave the `.metadata` file - this keeps previous project work using OSETS*.
3. From the Eclipse toolbar (top right) select **File | Open Projects from File System | Archive**;
4. Select the OSETS zip file | **OK**;
5. Deselect `<name>.zip_expanded`, leaving `<name>.zip_expanded/oset-eclipse-plugin`, and click **Finish**;
6. Select **Window| Perspective | Open Perspective | Other | Plug-In Development | OK**;
7. Right click on the `osets-eclipse-plugin` project;
8. Select **Export**;
9. Select **Deployable plug-ins and fragments** and **Next**;
10. Ensure `osets-eclipse-plugin` is selected in the Available Plug-Ins and Fragments;
11. Select a Directory to receive the plug-in and **Finish**;
12. At the end of the generation process the Directory will hold a file `osets-eclipse-plugin_<version>.jar` (<version> indicates the plug-in version) within a plugins directory.
